#summary Switchy Change Log
#labels Featured

===1.6.0===
(2010-02-13)
  * New: Support for Mac OS X.
  * New: Default rule and custom rules support PAC files now.
  * General: Better support for Linux.
  * General: Detects if current website is loaded via proxy.
  * Options: Disable VPN/Dial-up options under Linux and Mac OS X.
  * General: Some improvements and bug fixes.

===1.5.0===
(2010-01-25)
  * New: Online Rule List support (AutoProxy Compatible).
  * New: Export Switch Rules as a PAC file.
  * New: Export Switch Rules as a Rule List file.
  * New: Backup Switchy options and restore them from local file or URL.
  * ErrorLog: Added new tests and 'Test Summary' section for diagnosing problems.
  * Menu: Added item for Error Log (appears only on errors).
  * QuickRule: Check if there's already a rule matches active page URL (RegExp).
  * General: Set the proxy of the currently active Dial-up connection.
  * General: Some improvements and bug fixes.

===1.4.0===
(2010-01-10)
  * New: SOCKS v5 support.
  * New: VPN/Dial-up support (Windows).
  * New: Regular Expressions support for Switch Rules.
  * Options: New option for Quick Switch (Cycle all profiles).
  * Options: Only show HTTP proxy field if the same proxy is used for all protocols.
  * QuickRule: Check if there's already a rule matches active page URL.
  * ErrorLog: Added 'Reset Options' button.
  * General: Icon color changes according to the applied Switch Rule in Auto Switch mode.
  * General: Enhanced icons and a new color.
  * General: Some improvements and bug fixes.

===1.3.5===
(2010-01-01)
  * New: Full Linux Support (Gnome/KDE 32/64 bit).
  * New: URL Based Switch Rules (Linux).
  * Menu: Grouped 'Auto Switch Mode' and 'Quick Rule' items.
  * Options: Added infobar help for Switch Rules (for first time users).
  * General: Some improvements and bug fixes.

===1.3.0===
(2009-12-29)
  * New: URL Based Switch Rules (Windows).
  * Menu: Added 'Quick Rule' menu item.
  * Menu: Added 'Auto Switch Mode' menu item.
  * Menu: Proxy profiles items are colorful now.
  * Options: Added 'Auto apply last selected profile' option.
  * Options: Added 'Monitor proxy changes' and 'Revert proxy changes' options.
  * Options: Added 'Confirm deletion' option.
  * Options: Added help tool tips.
  * General: Enhanced look and feel.
  * General: Some bug fixes.

===1.2.0===
(2009-12-18)
  * New: Linux (Ubuntu) Support (experimental).
  * New: Quick Switch mode option.
  * New: Colorful Profiles.
  * General: Proxy modes (Manual & Auto).
  * General: Open Options tab to the next of currently selected tab..
  * General: Some bug fixes.

===1.1.1===
(2009-12-13)
  * General: Removed Google Analytics code.

===1.1.0===
(2009-12-10)
  * General: Major changes in the NPAPI plugin.
  * General: Fixed the bug which prevents Switchy from changing proxy.

===1.0.0===
(2009-12-08)
  * New: Added support for HTTPS, FTP, Socks proxies and auto config scripts.
  * Options: Entirely redesigned.
  * General: Some bug fixes.
  * General: Published on Chrome official extension gallery (https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/caehdcpeofiiigpdhbabniblemipncjj).

===0.9.3===
(2009-12-05)
  * Options: Added more info to diagnostics log.

===0.9.2===
(2009-12-04)
  * Options: Added option for bypassing local addresses.
  * Options: Added buttons for diagnosing the extension.
  * Options: Added Error Console to see logged errors and events.
  * Options: Added confirmation messages for save and info tip bar.
  * Options: Confirm the close of Options window if there're unsaved changes.
  * Options: Reapply the current profile if it's info changed.
  * Options: End edit mode for a field when pressing `<Enter>`.
  * General: Open Options window automaticaly for first time users.
  * General: Show the new version number as icon badge after update.
  * General: Sets '8080' as the default port.
  * General: Reapply last selected profile on start.
  * General: Set up a web page for the extension (http://www.samabox.com/projects/chrome/switchy).
  * Popup: Added icons and changed highlight color.

===0.8.3===
(2009-12-01)
  * Initial release.