#summary Linux support issues

== About Linux Support ==
Current version of Switchy! supports Linux platform in general, but there are some limitations which make Switchy! not work as expected in some cases.

== Supported Linux Distributions ==
Currently, only Gnome and KDE based distributions are supported, though, I hope other distributions will be supported in future (if it's at all possible).

== Error Diagnostics ==
Follow these steps to diagnose the problem that prevents Switchy from working well:

1. Open Switchy Options page and click `Error Log` button, the Error Log page will open.

2. At the top of the page you'll see the test summary, which summarizes the results of 3 tests done by Switchy.
To work well, Switchy should pass all these tests.
  * *Loading Switchy Plugin*
  Failure means that the Switchy plugin wasn't loaded successfully for some reason.<br>
  To help us diagnose the problem, please do the following:<br>
    # [http://dev.chromium.org/for-testers/enable-logging Enable Chrome logging].<br>
    # File an issue in the [http://code.google.com/p/switchy/issues/list issue tracker] and attach the output log file.

  * *Plugin Functionality*
  Failure means that Switchy doesn't work properly, you will see a description of the problem beside this item.<br>
  To solve this problem try the solution described bellow for the third test.

  * *System Environment*
  Failure means that the system environment isn't supported (e.g. the desktop environment isn't a Gnome nor KDE).<br>
  To solve this problem try the following:<br>
  If you think your system is KDE based
    # Install `kreadconfig` and `kwriteconfig`.<br>
    # Set this system environment variable: `KDE_FULL_SESSION=true`, and restart the computer.
  Otherwise
    # Install `gconftool-2`.<br>
    # Set this system environment variable: `GNOME_DESKTOP_SESSION_ID=Default`, and restart the computer.
  If the problem isn't solved, please do the Extra Tests _(see below)_ and file an issue in the [http://code.google.com/p/switchy/issues/list issue tracker] and send the test results.

== Extra Tests ==
To help us diagnosing your problem, please run the following commands and send the result with your error report:
{{{
> echo $DESKTOP_SESSION + $GNOME_DESKTOP_SESSION_ID + $KDE_FULL_SESSION
> gconftool-2 -g /system/http_proxy/host
> kreadconfig --file kioslaverc --group 'Proxy Settings' --key httpProxy
}}} 